[Music]
are you going to
okay when I'm gone my fifth tour
got a gap I'm Kate Barkley Colonel
Barclays wife let's come up with some
exciting activities to do while our
service people are away what about
singing singing let's just get the
strippers in this singing club is gonna
be a lot of fun and uplifting and
there'll be a few beers afterwards know
whether they go in it oh thanks very
much Lisa that's lovely got to learn to
live one my parents got divorced you
would play that thing without any music
really music makes things a bit stilted
I'm not sure Mozart whatever
I was like the incantations of a bunch
of witches it dramatic if you think
singing it with a pole up your arse is
what the women need then you're more
I've touched my toes
more troops are being deployed to
Afghanistan I just feel sick all the
time every time the phone rings every
time the doorbell goes you may not need
the choir Lisa
those women do
[Applause]
sometimes when I think of her name when
it's only a game top brass heard you
rehearsing and you've been invited to
sing at the festival of remembrance the
big one on TV this is going to be a
disaster
this is a professional event we cannot
embarrass ourselves are you doing
checking my home roads okay well you
don't like talking yourself there are
gonna be so many people like those with
loved ones at risk and I want to do this
for them I know it feels a bit much like
we can survive the last five months he's
about five minutes out there his car
isn't I'd seen for ourselves
- they can't hurt
come and see no thank you it's like
childbirth best to be completely
oblivious until it's happening
[Music]